More docs for v1.2 (#923)
membraneframework/membrane_core: guides/timer.md

# Timer usage examples

> Exampls below illustrate how to use `:start_timer`, `:timer_interval` and `:stop_timer` actions on the example of `Membrane.Source`, but the API looks the same for all kinds of the Membrane Components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples below illustrate how to use `:start_timer`, `:timer_interval` and `:stop_timer` actions on the example of `Membrane.Source`, but the API looks the same for all kinds of the Membrane Components
```

put that through Grammarly to avoid typos

### Emit empty buffer every 100 milliseconds
```elixir
defmodule MySource do
  use Membrane.Source

  def_output_pad :output, accepted_format: SomeFormat

  @impl true
  def handle_init(_ctx, _opts), do: {[], %{}}

  @impl true
  def handle_playing(_ctx, state) do
    # let's start a timer named :my_timer that will tick every 100 milliseconds

    actions = [
      start_timer: {:my_timer, Membrane.Time.milliseconds(100)}
    ]

    {actions, state}
  end

  @impl true
  def handle_tick(:my_timer, ctx, state) do
    # in this callback we handle ticks of :my_timer
    # we send a stream format if it hasn't been sent yet and a buffer

    maybe_stream_format = 
      if ctx.pads.output.stream_format == nil, 
        do: [stream_format: %SomeFormat{}],

>         else: []

Reviewer 2: How about moving stream format sending to the `handle_playing` callback? I think it's more common to do it this way and we won't need to tinker around context

 - `:resume` - resumes sending buffers from the paused source.
 - `:stop` - the stopped source won't send any buffer again.

```elixir
defmodule MyComplexSource
  use Membrane.Source

  def_output_pad :output, accepted_format: SomeFormat

  @impl true
  def handle_init(_ctx, _opts) do 
    # after starting a timer, status will always be either :resumed, :paused 
    # or :pause_on_next_handle_tick
    {[], %{status: nil}}
  end

  @impl true 
  def handle_playing(_ctx, state) do
    # let's start a timer named :my_timer ...
    start_timer_action = [
      start_timer: {:my_timer, Membrane.Time.milliseconds(100)}
    ]
    
    # ... and send a stream format
    actions = start_timer_action ++ [stream_format: %SomeFormat{}]
    {actions, %{state | status: :resumed}}
  end

  @impl true
  def handle_parent_notification(notification, ctx, _state) when ctx.playback == :stopped do
    raise "Cannot handle parent notification: #{inspect(notification)} before handle_playing"
  end

  @impl true
  def handle_parent_notification(notification, _ctx, state) when notification in [:pause, :resume, :stop] do
    case notification do
      :pause when state.status == :resumed -> 

>         # let's postopne pausing :my_timer to the upcomping handle_tick

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        # let's postpone pausing :my_timer to the upcoming handle_tick
```
